### HYGLike v2.2 (all HYG stars in AT-HYG): 118,971 stars

This subset follows the field name and contents for HYG v3.x as closely as possible, for all stars in AT-HYG that have an entry in HYG. The subset is intended as a drop-in replacement for HYG for many applications that use HYG, but with better data. For example, just under 90% of stars in HYG v3.x have Gaia DR3 distance data in AT-HYG v2.2, and thus also in HYGLike v2.2. The only difference in field names is the addition of the `*_src` fields from AT-HYG to identify the sources for each of the various data points. These fields can be dropped if desired in an application using the catalog.

There are a few small differences from both the original HYG and AT-HYG, mostly to handle fields in HYG that are not currently in AT-HYG, as well as to address a difference in design criteria in the two catalogs. HYG prioritized completeness, while AT-HYG prioritized accuracy, especially for 3D positions and velocities. In particular, as a subset of AT-HYG, HYGLike inherits the AT-HYG design criterion of prioritizing accurate position and velocity information for at least one star in every Tycho-2 star system over identifying every last component of every Tycho-2 star system.

* Some Gliese _secondary_ and _tertiary_ stars in HYG are not currently matched to cross-references used to build AT-HYG. They will not be in the HYGLike subset. All Gliese _primary_ stars in HYG are present in AT-HYG, and thus also in HYGLike.
* The HYGLike `id` field is the AT-HYG `id` field rather than the HYG `id` field. 
* For consistency with HYG, the Sun's ('Sol') `id` is 0 as it is in HYG, not 1 as in AT-HYG.
* The HYGLike `comp`, `comp_id`, and `base` fields are pure placeholders, since AT-HYG does not track star multiplicity in the same way as HYG. The placeholder logic treats each star as single (more precisely, as not a component of a multiple star system).
* The HYGLike `lum` field is blank; if desired, calculate stellar luminosity from the absolute magnitude `absmag`. AT-HYG normalized most data to avoid redundancy.
* The HYGLike `var`, `var_min`, and `var_max` fields are blank. AT-HYG may include variable star IDs at some point, but is not currently planned to include variable star magnitude ranges.